# Recycle-Electronic-Waste-Coin-RE-WASTECOIN-REWC-
RecycleElectronicWastecoins. Name; RE-WASTECOINS "REWC"  Updated 10 minutes ago  We are a development-stage company, incorporated in the State of Pennsylvania as a for-profit company, and an established fiscal year of We intend to develop a Recycle Electronic Waste Coin, RE-WASTECOIN "REWC" recycling business. RE-WASTE is a type of refuse involving electronic devices and peripherals that are dumped into landfills. It is our intent to develop a facility to collect these RE-WASTE products (computers, desktop, laptop, CRT, LCD’s, cell phones, printers, faxes and other electronic devices) from consumers, industry, local, state, government, hospitals, schools and others to recycle and/or refurbish them. We intend to assure our customers that we will focus on data security and that all of their RE-WASTE will be recycled under an intended zero landfill policy. We intend to work with the local and state licensing authorities to accomplish our business plan. We intend to recycle these electronic products by utilizing specialized machinery and labor to separate the RE-WASTE raw materials (glass, copper, computer chips, steel, plastic, etc). We also intend to refurbish these products when applicable. Our intended revenue stream will come from marketing and selling the raw materials and refurbished devices back to the original equipment manufacturers and other sources. Our business and registered office is located at 2467 Old Route 18, Wampum Pa. 16157. Our telephone number is 724-761-3910, E-mail rewastecoin@gmail.com
